feat: add return_to parameter to logout flow (#823)
ory/kratos: docs/docs/self-service/flows/user-logout.md

To log a user out, all you have to do is to direct the browser to
`http://ory-kratos-public/self-service/browser/flows/logout`. After successful
logout, the browser will be redirected either to the `return_to` query parameter

> from the initial request URL, or fall back to the `redirect_to` value set in ORY

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from the initial request URL, or fall back to the `default_browser_return_url` value set in ORY
```
